Add micropb crate (#456)
rust-embedded/awesome-embedded-rust: README.md

1. [lorawan-device](https://github.com/lora-rs/lora-rs/tree/main/lorawan-device): A LoRaWAN MAC implementation supporting both event-driven and async mode.
1. [managed](https://crates.io/crates/managed): provides `ManagedSlice`, `ManagedMap` backed by either their std counterparts or fixed-size buffers for `#![no_std]`. - ![crates.io](https://img.shields.io/crates/v/managed.svg)
1. [menu]: A basic command-line interface library. Has nested menus and basic help functionality. ![crates.io](https://img.shields.io/crates/v/menu.svg)

> 1. [micropb](https://github.com/YuhanLiin/micropb): Rust Protobuf library targetting embedded systems and no_std environments without an allocator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. [micropb](https://crates.io/crates/micropb): Rust Protobuf library targetting embedded systems and no_std environments without an allocator. - ![crates.io](https://img.shields.io/crates/v/micropb.svg)
```
